hey youtube Alex here and she 95 channel
bring you guys a small update video but
mainly a Q&A segment I think this is
like Q&A segment number four so I'm
gonna hop into it there's just a couple
questions I'm going to try to answer
them as quick as possible first question
comes from Yugi man 514 he asks what
deck would you like to be seen to see
played more in the future formats like I
said honestly it just depends on the
format I really don't care as long as
it's not like a deck like frog
ftk was like that deck did involve a
little bit of skill but for the most
part it was like trashy like in all
honesty like you could win a YCS
or event with that like a twenty-dollar
deck that was really pathetic I want to
see next to take actual skill so there's
your answer to that next question is
from kangxi allele I don't know how to
say it but all these peoples names will
be listed up here so i go to go check
them out his name is kangxi lili oh um
he says what are your thoughts about
free monsters what's the best free dec
that fits this format honestly fairies
really aren't this good especially this
format however i think they're really
good especially with the upcoming a lot
of the very stuff like the agents and
stuff isn't be there's a hush-hush deck
floating around and you guys are
probably see that soon i may post it
once more the stuff becoming starts
coming out so you guys should see that
too it's going to be pretty good next
question is from the cannibal unicorn
yes what do you think about zombies and
any tips zombies are okay but honestly
they're not really fit for this format
or most fun it's like it every extras
varies from vector that gets like
running it's like saying let me run more
photonics this format like it's really
not a deck that can necessarily not
necessarily not content not contend with
the matter but it would not be my pick
for an event in all honesty and if you
are running them my my tip would just be
on make sure you know what you're doing
and be comfortable today you know just
have fun and make sure it's pretty well
suited for this format because
especially gravekeeper's they
that dekha bad next question is from
watermaster guy he says I have a
question do you think I say whether X
Sabres will be good next year well it's
already 2011 so I figured he meant next
format um maybe I mean there's it's I'm
pretty sure the list will hit them and I
mean they're no k deck but by now people
know about them they know how to play
around them and it's not really
surprising deck it doesn't
that sack factor but you know that's
just part of the game ultimate zelda fan
91 asks what do you think of
gravekeeper's in which are two car our
cards which cards are relevant to stop a
great paper sack grade papers are
honestly autopilot for the most part
they're really they take no skill royal
tribute necrovalley um yeah that's kind
of stupid that's that's saying I'm
running three charge card viruses and
some decks even run duck devastation and
deck devastating virus as well as a
raticate or virus or epidemic virus or
virus or whatever that card is they
usually side into that some even main it
so it's really not a skillful deck I
mean as far as cars to stop it just play
around their stuff especially their the
rule tributes and stuff sometimes I mean
obviously get if you have a lot of like
a monster filled hand and turn one they
real tribute you there's really nothing
you can do about it but ms teased us
tornadoes all those kill necro their
necrovalley so you want to keep that off
the field and be careful there with
their recruiters make sure you get rid
of those somehow without giving them
their effects mr. Dyle XXX asks what do
you think about fable decks I don't
think they're good at all especially
right now I mean you can probably pick
up some of the cards but when later this
year I think soon March I know duel
terminal 4 just came out yesterday like
Trishula and all those so by the way I'm
also looking for trishula and uh a lot
of the duel terminal for stuff you guys
any you guys have it just message me I'm
probably just buy a lot of it off you as
far as fabled ex I mean they'll be good
or when the fables come out not all this
like crap that's like out right now
these are just fabled when the fabled
come I think it's reverse I may have
overs but when the dark fables come out
those will be much much better and the
deco hat be much more consistent better
overall so that's my thoughts on the on
those questions check out all the people
right here I tried to make this video
pretty quick if you guys want to have
your question featured in a shoutout
comment below I prefer you don't PM me
but comment the questions below I always
liked reading comments um I'll have a
lot as far as quick updates for the next
minute i would having a lot of updates
and stuff coming up soon especially a
lot of new stuff coming out i think next
week storm Ragnar comes out so yeah so I
have a lot of fun 6am stuff laid out
here I pretty much have everything for
the deck and highest and lowest already
like I'm gonna have multiple copies i'm
probably gonna sell but if you guys any
of you guys I'm
I still need I believe for secret rare
grandmasters preferably all first dead
or foreign because I only have two
foreign and like three English right now
but I'm looking for secret rare
grandmasters if you don't have those
gold and gold and supers are fine too i
really don't want rares but i can treat
those as Thrones or whatever small I
don't vol.2 I and then my friends
actually looking for rare united's
because I have a bunch of them but most
of them I'm keeping and selling so rare
United if you guys have those hit me up
i think i need like seven more warnings
preferably preferably foreign but if you
guys have english that's fine mainly i'm
looking for one more ultimate first dead
or maybe a place that of ultras i have
most of the stuff it's just I need more
duplicates just because of solving in
stuff because I'm vending a lot lately
and you know I need a lot more stuff i
need to circulate all the stock and
whatnot so it's pretty much it Alex here
in Chiang fi channel pc guys I'll have a
format reviews banlist thoughts and
probably the new 6am deck up soon and in
regionals in Sacramento on februari 12th
I'll be there so if you guys are there
hit me up comment below so yeah pc guys
and yeah shout us to everyone